If there is a group photo, please take it out.
A group photo can prove the authenticity.
Uncle Shi Chen
Please also take out the group photo for everyone to see.
distinguish between true and false
Why is this photo only half a face?
Exactly.
Through photos
Can only see
Long Shuai is a very outstanding young man
Very sharp eyes
But you can't even tell what it looks like.
Long Shuai's identity is indeed a high-level gold coin
Even the Northland can't see the real face
And that's a picture of the king of the United States three months ago.
You won't need to say anything in the future
Although I can't see the appearance clearly
But Long Shuai's eyes are indeed very similar
That's right, the body shape is also very similar
Is he really a dragon?
Don't guess
There's no animal in this picture at all.
I talked to him on the phone three months ago
He was serving in front of the Third Hospital in Beijing at that time
I know my mother said he went to Beijing to join the army
Didn't go abroad at all
If so
Standing on the sorting line on the stage is not harmful
Handsome belt hahaha
Then I understand
Did you serve as a soldier in Beijing?
He must have seen Lord Long Shuai
I know that Lord Long Shuai has a good life with himself
So I specially came to Haicheng to pretend to be Long Shuai
How do you satisfy your vanity, don't you?
I see.
He knows some real information about Long Shao
To deceive everyone
So despicable
Nonsense
I wasn't there three months ago.
The truth of the matter is
At that time, the king of the North came to Beijing for state affairs in our country
main stick
At team headquarters
Secret look back with me
You are so cunning
Knowing that your lies are about to be exposed
So deliberately fabricating facts
You continue to deceive and fight, don't you?
Business trip hello baby
Yeah, we're awesome
Everyone borrows money
This gentleman is right
3 yuan.
The king of our country did go to the mansion for formatting
And on the way
A big shot
For hours of secret meetings
That big shot
Who has eight or nine
This gentleman on stage